Classification-Model:Buid a model that classifies the side effects of a drug.
Drug safety is one of the hottest topics in daily medical practice, particularly with regard to approving new medication or questioning the possibility of withdrawing a drug from the market.
All drugs have side effects, but the extent of their impact and severity varies from mild (such as mild itching or mild headache) to severe (such as severe rash, damage to vital organs, primarily the liver and kidneys, and possibly even death). Most of the side effects are predictable and mentioned in the leaflets for each drug. However, the serious problem is that some of the drugs’ side effects are not previously known or have not been noticed, and the real risk here is whether they would exert a severe deleterious impact on the patients who are using them. Among the factors that may increase the severity of the side effects, the type of medications and the type of patients using them are the most important.
I have collected databases of medical reviews from health-related Web sites with user-generated content, namely WebMD. This dataset is available in kaggle. WebMD provides health-related information, support, and reference materials through a team of doctors and health experts across a wide array of specialties. The dataset provides user reviews on specific drugs along with related conditions, side effects, age, sex, and ratings reflecting overall patient satisfaction. There are around 0.36 million rows of unique reviews.
